# dogellm
This helps you write out a response for our utmost respected leaders at the Doge council.

"I ate breakfast this morning"

I ate a quick breakfast at home. I find that breakfast occupies more of my time than it used to and I am trying to revise my breakfast routine in order to maximize my efficiency. I used to eat waffles for almost every breakfast, but the crumbly qualities of waffles require a little bit of extra flossing time. I'm sorry if that's too much information. Some people consider gums (and, by extension, flossing) to be a private or personal issue, but I want to be as detailed as possible. Again, please let me know if further details are needed. Back to the waffles, I used to eat waffles for almost every breakfast, but the crumbly qualities increased my morning prep time. I have been experimenting with cereal and granola. Some people say that cereal and granola are more like a dessert than a meal due to their sugar content. Then again, the same complaint could be made about waffles. Regardless, I ate Lucky Charms on Monday morning, one of the more affordable options at the local grocery store, which is only fifteen minutes on foot from my house. 

"I took a shower"

I proceeded to take a moderately short shower. Although opinions vary about showering in the morning versus the night, vis a vis cleanliness, I think the difference is (and I apologize in advance for this pun) basically a wash. I could shower at night, and indeed, I have done so in the past on multiple occasions. I have no fundamental objections to showering at night tt. I use an evidence-based approach when it comes to hygiene, and I have seen no substantial evidence of an overwhelming difference or a moderate difference (or, indeed, even a minor difference) in the hygienic consequences of showering in the morning versus the nighttime; however, further guidance from OPM on this matter would be appreciated. My monday morning shower involved staples such as shampoo, soap, a foam-like object designed for scrubbing, and of course, warm water. Cold showers are sometimes endorsed, as are hot showers. However, body oils are sensitive to temperature. I would encourage you to read up on body oils and shower water temperature if you have any misgivings about my preference for warm showers compared to cold, hot, or other kinds of showers.

"I brushed my teeth"

Brushing my teeth was the natural next step in my morning routine. Tooth brushing (and the aforementioned flossing) are standard hygienic practice in much of the developed world, and I am an eager participant of such practices. My electric toothbrush is designed in a clever way such that the electric toothbrush runs for exactly two minutes after I press the start button, which is generally the recommended time allotment for toothbrushing. However, I see very little difference between brushing my teeth for 120 seconds compared to brushing them for 115 seconds and I prefer to save time and maximize efficiency wherever possible, as both a professional matter and a matter of personal preference. Therefore, I set a timer to run for exactly 115 seconds and I halt brushing after the allotted 115 seconds have passed. In doing so, despite the two minutes of operating time built into my electric toothbrush, I am able to claw back five seconds(1) per morning, for a time savings of roughly half an hour per year and, based on actuarial tables, a good number of hours throughout my life, which can be used for slightly more productive purposes.

"I got dressed"

Getting dressed for work might be done at any time after showering. However, in order to minimize trips to and from the bathroom of my house, I brush my teeth before dressing. For more information about my brushing practices and improvements in overall brushing efficiency, please see the preceding paragraph, I dress after the fashion (so to speak) (and I apologize again, for a second time, for the pun) spelled out by my supervisor, the so-called "business casual style. Although the nomenclature initially appears oxymoronic, the "business casual" style convention makes good intuitive sense, reaching a happy medium ttt between polarized extremes of professionalism and comfort. For more information on the conventions of the so-called "business casual style spelled out by my supervisor, allow me to direct you to an oft-cited essay on the subject of "business casual attire in the Journal of Men's Fashion Conventions titled "Standards of Business Casual Attire in the 21st Century Western World" from the June 2007 issue which I have borrowed from heavily in the construction and arrangement of my own wardrobe.
